7285   qgis training manual   project snapping options (2) (#7738)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/training_manual/forestry/stands_digitazing.rst

Next one option to get points out of those polygons is to get their centroids:

> #. Open :menuselection:`Vector --> Geometry tools --> Centroids`.
> #. Set :guilabel:`Input Layer` to  |polygonLayer| ``rautjarvi_green_polygon`` (the polygon layer you have just created)
> #. Set :guilabel:`Centroids` to :kbd:`green_centroids.shp` within the folder :kbd:`digitizing`
> #. |checkbox| :menuselection:`Open output file after running algorithm`
> #. :guilabel:`Run`. This will calculate the centroids for the polygons and add them to the project as a new layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Open :menuselection:`Vector --> Geometry Tools --> Centroids...`.
#. Set :guilabel:`Input Layer` to |polygonLayer| :guilabel:`rautjarvi_green_polygon`
   (the polygon layer you have just created)
#. Set :guilabel:`Centroids` output to :file:`green_centroids.shp` file
   within the folder :file:`digitizing`
#. Check |checkbox| :menuselection:`Open output file after running algorithm`
#. Press :guilabel:`Run`. This will calculate the centroids for the polygons
   as a new layer and add it to the project.
```

* Go to the :kbd:`digitizing` folder using your file manager browser.
* Drag and drop the :kbd:`forest_stands.shp` vector file to your map.

Change the new layer's symbology so that it will be easier to see the polygons

> have already been digitized. 

Author: perhaps "... the polygons **that** have already been digitized."

> have already been digitized. 

Reviewer: Indeed!

Now, if you remember past modules, we have to set up and activate the snapping options:

#. Go to :menuselection:`Project --> Snapping options...`
#. Check the ``green_centroids`` and ``forest_stands`` layers

> #. Set :guilabel:`Type` for each layer to ``Vertex``
> #. Set  :guilabel:`Tolerance` for each layer to ``10``
> #. Set  :guilabel:`Units` for each layer to ``pixels``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Set :guilabel:`Type` for each layer to |pointLayer| :guilabel:`Vertex`
#. Set :guilabel:`Tolerance` for each layer to ``10``
#. Set :guilabel:`Units` for each layer to :guilabel:`pixels`
```
I couldn't find an authoritative document while I looked for it by the time, but this is the logic I tend to follow:
* when it is a label from the software (dialog, buttons, options, including drop-down items), then guilabel (and sup for tool tips)
* when the info is to be written by the user, then \`\`
* when referring to a layer name, I think I tend to use \`\` also (see #5523)

Don't forget the substitution at the end

   :align: center

|

To link the data from the :kbd:`.csv` file with the digitized polygons, create a join between the two layers:

#.  Open the Layer Properties for the ``forest_stands`` layer.
#.  Go to the :guilabel:`Joins` tab.
#.  Click |symbologyAdd| :sup:`Add new join` on the bottom of the dialog box.
#.  Select :kbd:`rautjarvi_1994.csv` as the :guilabel:`Join layer` 
#.  Set the :guilabel:`Join` field to :kbd:`ID`
#.  Set the :guilabel:`Target` field to :kbd:`ID`
#.  Click :guilabel:`OK` two times.

The data from the text file should be now linked to your vector file. To see
what has happened, select the ``forest_stands`` layer and use |openTable| :sup:`Open Attribute Table`.
You can see that all the attributes from the inventory data file are now linked
to your digitized vector layer.

You will see that the field names are prefixed with :kbd:`rautjarvi_1994_`. To change this:

#.  Open the Layer Properties for the ``forest_stands`` layer.
#.  Go to the :guilabel:`Joins` tab.
#.  Select :guilabel:`Join Layer` :kbd:`rautjarvi_1994` 
#.  Click the |toggleEditing| :sup:`Edit selected join` button to enable editing
#.  |checkbox| Check :guilabel:`Custom field name prefix`

> #.  Change the prefix as required (or remove entirely)

Author: The intention of the original author was to clear the field so I guess it might be best to say this. (As you say, part of the reason was to keep inside the field length).
